docs(github): add instruction for a codesandbox (#1471)
uber-web/baseui: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1.bug.md

---

<!--- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

> <!--- Provide codesandbox that reproduces your issue - you can for one from  https://baseweb.design/ -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!--- Provide a codesandbox that reproduces your issue - you can fork one from  https://baseweb.design/ -->
```
